This is a head-gum original.
And need they now, we're going to start.
You're ready to push it.
Are you going to be nice to say?
That's what I wanted to know about.
If I was going to be nice to sage, probably.
Sage and I don't know if you're going to be very well.
So I can't be mean to her.
Don't call it a comeback, I said.
Call it a debut.
Welcome sage.
Sorry.
The one thing I won't say.
Why do I hear Jeff so loud, but I can't hear.
One thing I want to hear me at all.
What?
I hear you from the room.
The one thing I won't accept today.
Is any stepping on toes of sage?
I don't think on your words.
Really?
So you're worried about me?
I don't know you now.
It's just that...
That was me inserting the clip of Mariaca already stepping on Sage's toes.
I was saying I would never.
You already did it once already.
We've only been recording for what?
Twenty seconds.
Right?
I don't say I still love you.
It's not sage's.
This is why I sit behind the desk usually.
So that was not what I thought.
No, it's not.
The real reason is what that we can't afford to produce from the show.
Yeah.
Did you tell me about the little note I had to make for you?
Is you want to dive into that right now?
I thought we'd start there.
Well, because I mean, I'll be honest.
You know, fast up.
Sage style.
Yeah.
Basically.
Basically, I forgot to record the video.
A couple weeks back.
And again.
And then again, the week after.
Different videos, though.
Right?
The first time I just forgot to press record on the switchboard.
I just forgot.
Yeah.
He's my mom.
The next week.
Yeah.
Obviously, there's like three different computers logged onto a zoom.
I didn't know that the zoom that needed to be recording was the one that wasn't recording.
Sure.
I genuinely, I just, I need to get the bottom of this.
Why is Jeff so loud?
It's because the mic is on here.
And so it's closer to me.
Wait.
What?
Is that true?
It's not connected.
Because when you connect it to the boom, it's because I use a soundboard, basically.
Oh, I know.
He wasn't using.
Yeah.
I would, I could connect the USB codec to this, but we've already started.
Sage style.
And it's not worth it.
I just want to, I don't want to lean in.
I love you.
Lean in just energetically for the episode.
Right?
Like, by into this program.
If I miss here on you, if I accidentally talk over her, it's not my fault.
I would never just Jeff is so loud.
No.
And I agree in terms of interrupting on yet.
That's not your first fault.
My voice doesn't carry in a way that Jeff's.
Yeah.
Boom.
And I appreciate someone finally acknowledging that I kind of command a room anytime I walk.
Like, like, I don't think I'll have her not acknowledged it.
Like the room that he walked into where I was having a meeting with someone about a new show
or bringing on.
Big show, bigger numbers than this show will ever say.
But they weren't on the call.
It was Kevin Bartlett.
Love it guy.
That's actually not how you pronounce his last name.
Eric.
How do you say it?
Brutlet.
Bartlett.
How do you say Kevin's last name?
I'm so sorry, Kevin.
We should have Kevin on the show.
Sage.
If you look at a bar lay, it's not ever met Kevin.
I'm in Telt.
Ridley?
I don't think the L is after I think the L is after the E.
Bond of the week.
Let's get it over with.
I'm going to go Wilcon over because he hates the segment and he skips it every time.
Skips it when listening or when on the show.
Which yeah, thank you.
At least he listens.
But either right.
You do that, he's getting sick.
He's only been on the shirt twice.
He's refused both.
I'm gonna go Paul Giamati in honor of Volcanover
because he saw the, oh my god, the whole dovers.
Twice.
He was good.
I thought it was in honor of his stint at McDonald's.
Paul Giamati's?
Yeah.
I just watched Donnie Brasco and he was in that.
Donnie Brasco is kind of a Donnie Brasco.
It's a Disasco.
Have you guys seen...
That's true.
Have you guys seen the episode?
The Chris Guthrie show.
We can let Sage go, but I, I was all finished.
I'm pretty good.
Thank you so much.
That's gonna end up being strike two in terms
of Marieka's stepping on Sage's.
I do anything wrong.
I didn't really do anything.
I interrupted me.
I interrupted you for sure, but that's part of the course.
Yeah, of course.
The episode of The Chris Guthrie show
where Paul Giamati is in a dumpster.
For sure.
As soon as I say the word Sage,
and so anybody continues speaking after I say Sage is...
You're speaking.
No, 100%.
But that wasn't, that was just me using it as example.
So like, how I was like Sage?
Okay.
My bond of the week is Walton Goggins.
Yes, I love Walton.
I've never seen any of his shows
just Cowboys versus Aliens,
but I like how he looks like the Cynthia doll
from Rugrats.
Cowboys and Aliens.
Sorry, Cowboys and Aliens.
I think that's like the news one, the counter.
I think that's the first one.
Like a woman.
That's the second one.
Yeah, it's Cowboys.
Yeah, it's daily in stage.
That was Andy and Mike is trying to point out.
So she is better for us as well.
Mike is not stepping on my toes.
I'm sure that's correct to me.
Okay, Marieka's up and she's trying to find the chance.
She's just having me recently.
And I appreciate it.
It's called Stockholm Syndrome Sage,
because I just learned that Marieka's
who you report to directly.
And I'm so sorry to hear that.
You just learned that.
Yeah.
What is going to say this?
It does not know.
I thought she made, you know, magic with the social clips
and with the, you know, the energy of the New York office
any time you're so sorry to tell you.
Right.
The word social, to you, what does it like fall into?
synonymous with Sage.
The SG and Sage's Instagram is social girl.
Yes.
Was this Instagram as like social?
Yeah.
I love it, Sage.
Thank you.
Bond 3.
Mr. Bean.
Ooh, alright, Pete.
The care.
What does this look like?
What's the name?
Storm End.
Should I tell Jeff what I discovered over the weekend?
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
Yeah, so I didn't know this, but I googled my own name to see what comes out.
I didn't have that in a while, I felt like it was time.
Sure.
And I am an IMDB page and 50% of my credits are Jeffrey the dumbass.
And then that's what?
That'd be more.
Yeah, I should have called her.
But I just meant like, I only have two things listed.
What's the other thing?
Off days.
If you look at it, what comes up on the Google result?
It just says, on your kind of sky, and then it says,
Jeffrey, the dumbass, right underneath.
It's a lighter font, a lighter gray.
And so lighter, anyone who goes, me, it's my mom.
Like, she's going to have to explain to people.
What?
She moved to LA.
This is what she has in her crying.
It's so funny to be like, what's the other one?
Off days.
We're talking nonsense that you originally did.
I didn't think this company was going to turn in anything.
I didn't think we were putting an IMDB.
I didn't think that we would have more of a staff.
Yeah.
I shouldn't have said anything about the network.
Marty heard at night.
Yeah.
He did do that.
The big one.
The big one is a table here.
Okay.
It was a big one.
I can't.
Our computers in the way.
I can't see it.
Got it.
That concerns a good choice.
No, I think it's fine.
I always thought you had the character, Mr. B.
I forgot his name for a second, but he was in that, he was already in Johnny English,
so you can kind of, you can kind of, you know, you can actually, yeah, you can kind of
building on as, yeah, on the end.
He was in my favorite movie, Scooby-Doo, the live action, the 2002, and he's kind
of like a bond villain and not one.
Okay.
Sage.
Supporting me.
That was cool.
Sorry.
Jesus.
What did you up?
Doesn't matter.
I'm trying to hear them.
Marika.
That was so loud.
Save them so sorry that you had to hear that.
What?
Travis and Taylor.
Yes.
What's talk about it?
This is going to come out.
I'm already tired.
Yeah.
I'm over it.
I'm a Joelle and Stan ultimately, and I feel like he's been done.
The last act from Marika.
The truck's ready to go.
Yeah.
A little British boy.
I think, um, I, I mean, ultimately, she is a friend of the network, so I don't
know if we can say anything.
Taylor swims a friend of head.
Go.
Yeah.
How?
She would drink and chill.
And she had a head, true.
What?
And she has.
She had head.
Oh, this is bullshit.
She had head to post.
It's a hundred percent per.
Like the biggest tour of all time.
Areas.
Yeah.
So you have to head them.
Head them hosts.
Yeah.
Open up for her there.
She doesn't know but head gum is.
She doesn't listen to it.
She's been to a Jake in a mirror.
No, she has.
That's true.
No, Marika.
You're first.
Well, I know you're lying.
No, I'm already.
I'm not lying.
Ask him here.
I don't trust you.
Marty or on you.
Marty Met Calvin Harris there.
Calvin Harris.
I buy.
But that he was.
She was with Calvin Harris.
Okay.
So she was dating Calvin.
Calvin was the fan.
Calvin.
I don't know.
She's.
Listen.
Sage.
I will say.
If I'm like scrolling through.
The head gum tick talks for you page.
It is a lot of tick talks about Taylor Swift.
Okay.
So I'm thinking.
There's a good connection.
That's like four, bud.
She was supporting me.
That's true.
Yeah.
And ultimately, that's my job.
Well, now the whole conversation shifted to you, isn't it?
That's exactly what you were.
So I have a question.
Have we actually introduced Sage?
Sage.
Let's get your plugs up top because it's.
Again, don't call to come back at the debut.
What do you do at the network?
And let's say your full street address.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I'm a marketing intern.
I'm not going to tell you my street address.
But I did just recently moved.
I would have been.
Okay.
That's.
So much information.
Okay.
Can you just say upper west side?
And then I'll insert it where you say you left.
Live.
Uh.
I lived in.
I've done what I'm doing.
Why do you want her to live on the upper west side?
Yeah.
I don't live on the upper west side.
Sorry, because that's straightforward enough.
It's not.
It's literally not.
And a half.
I just like this.
I gave you a half earlier.
So now we're going to be going in half increments.
I just love this idea of sage sort of living out this like sex in the city.
Wait, I have a great story about sage.
All right.
On this topic.
Something I think about really every time I get on a meeting with sage is that we all went out.
I know it's going to be.
We all went out for dinner after.
Was that after show?
Yeah.
You weren't there.
After I had gone a happy hour.
We went to a diner and everyone ordered.
Like food that a 30 year old would eat right before bed and sage ordered a black coffee and french fries.
Yeah.
I was like, what will really put me in a good night's sleep and sage was like, I drink black coffee all day and all night.
It was a very cool flex.
Also the polyunsaturated fats fatty acids rather.
It's like that'll keep me up all night.
I can't do.
I can't eat fries like I used to.
We are 25.
Yes.
I actually very close to me.
I know.
That's in order that I would like.
Is black coffee.
D.C.
We're not crazy.
Lots of.
She like and so.
No.
D.C.F.
It was regular.
I mean, I was good.
I will say I bet on your members.
Some of the fries were like.
Flasad.
Like they were not crisp.
Yeah.
They were.
You put on your poured water on her fries.
Just eating them.
Which I've never ever experienced before.
Who did that?
You.
Oh.
Wait.
What?
Yeah.
You said I used to have a box who would do this.
And then you dumped your fries.
That's like five.
I have my own counter going.
That's only strike one for me.
That's four strikes.
Uh.
That is strike.
Did do that.
Remember?
We were like.
The diner.
People did.
We were kind of discriminated against in that diner.
Yeah.
They hated us.
They sat us like by the bathroom.
What do you think of what?
I will say I think Casey ordered an end cream.
He did.
So.
Sage just answered the question.
Because I said, what did you think it was of why your entire table was discriminated against?
Yeah.
She answered it.
That Casey was there.
Now I get it.
Do you guys ever go to Sarah Dippity 3?
No.
What was that?
Have you never?
I recently watched movie.
I was married.
I obviously know what he's talking about.
That's just over.
Actually, just recently learned that that's an important movie.
In the Jeff Cannon.
Yeah.
My life.
Sage.
Yeah.
Recently watched Sarah Dippity.
Not for the first time.
Just again.
A rewatch.
And I don't think I like it that much anymore.
What is this?
The first time I really enjoyed it.
But the second watch.
I was like, I don't know about this.
Okay.
I was just thinking that I should rewatch it.
But I guess I shouldn't say.
I watched it in there.
I watched it once a year on the holidays.
Yeah.
I was doing my holiday watch.
And I thought I was okay back then.
Maybe not.
I was like six for a year.
Is it because you think you have a chance?
With Kate back in sale?
Oh, me?
Yeah.
She dates younger.
She does date younger guys.
He knows that.
I think I could charm her, yeah.
Yeah.
I don't really know what I didn't like about it this time.
I think I think just like they were never together throughout the whole movie.
I don't think I like that.
It's an anti-comedy romance.
It's an anti-romance romantic comedy.
Yeah.
In this new digi era of...
Digi.
Discord instead of discourse.
Right?
Reddit instead of...
I read that.
And instead of XOXO in real life,
IRL instead of...
Fanny.
Right?
What?
Nobody makes woppy anymore.
There's a bunch of articles about how it's like if you don't think you're...
If you think you're the only one in the world not having as much sex as other people, you're actually not.
So...
There is a whole thing about like...
Are you Gen Z?
I'm a Zelenial.
They say...
What about you, Sage?
I'm Gen Z.
I was born in 2001.
Wow.
What month?
I'm 22.
So I don't know.
But I don't know.
You don't know what month?
I'm feeling 22, I think.
Okay.
Maria, I appreciate the restraint you've shown.
Since you got the four in the half strike.
What month?
Sage?
May.
Okay.
Taurus or...
Gemini.
Got it.
But well before 911, so she remembers.
Yeah.
Well, I don't remember.
I was like a couple months old.
911 was actually one of my first memories.
We have to take break.
Oh, yeah.
Wait, wait, don't tell me.
You're a millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s.
And you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
And you're interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music.
You're the exact type of person who's going to love see the thing is.
A podcast hosted by Grammy Award winning R&B Artist Bridget Kelly and Media personality
and podcast Trailblazer, Mandy Bee.
Twice a week Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments, political
pop culture conversations and their honest segments, and relationship hot-take conversations
in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and are brought to you by the genuine connections that
the ladies have with the guests who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll also leave with some new music recommendations or a full curated playlist
that you didn't even know you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Recently the ladies have sat down with Ari Lennox, Big Fridia, Muni Long, Chloe Bailey,
and Neo.
So go check out one of those episodes if any of those names popped out to you.
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available on YouTube, Wednesday
and Saturday.
Check it out.
Guys, I don't always get the best sleep, right?
Show is sort of evidence of that.
But if you're a longtime listener, you might know that I've been drinking AG1 for about two years now
and it's severely helped my sleep quality and the clarity with which I wake up in the morning.
When I started drinking AG1 daily, I was living in New York,
Mike has showed it to me in the office and I kind of tried it just to be like,
what is it tastes like?
And it tasted great.
And I realized that I'd spent all these years spending a ton of money on various pills
and vitamins and supplements in pill form where I was taking like 12 pills a day
and eventually you can't afford it or and or you just don't want to do it.
You don't want to swallow that many pills every day.
And that's where AG1 came in where I was getting a baseline nutritional insurance
where each day I knew I was getting my vitamin C.
I knew I was getting my B vitamins.
I knew I was getting my magnesium to support my immunity and my sleep
and lower my stress levels, et cetera.
It really does work.
And that's because AG1 is a foundational nutritional supplement
that supports your body's universal needs,
like gut optimizations, stress management and immune support,
things everyone needs.
Since 2010, AG1 has led the future of foundational nutrition,
continuously refining their formula to create a smarter,
better way to elvine your baseline health.
I've been telling all my friends and family to start taking it
and I've even had some family members and friends start taking it
and tell me that they do feel like they have more energy when they wake up
like they wake up without that sluggishness.
So, you know, if that's something you value,
I would definitely give AG1 a try.
AG1 is the supplement that I trust
to provide the support my body needs daily.
And that's why they've been a partner of the show for so long.
So, if you want to take ownership over your health,
it starts with AG1.
Try AG1 and get free.
One year supplies a vitamin D3K2
and five free AG1 travel packs with your first purchase.
Go to drinkag1.com slash what's that?
Check it out!
Taylor Swift has the Swifties.
What do I have?
Right?
That's a good, that's a good medical leave.
I said, should we invent one now?
No, no, no, no, no.
What do I have?
That's a great question.
I do think we should come up with this.
Is it the dummy?
Do you have any ideas?
The dumbassers?
The dumbies?
Jeffeties.
I like the Jeffeties.
The gummies.
Say, can you say Jeffeties with an Indian accent?
I'll give you $1,000.
Oh, no, thank you.
I'm okay.
Uh, that was a test.
The James is...
She doesn't even have the protection of being a full-time employee.
Neither do I.
What about the fucking, yeah, I don't know.
What about the middle name?
Aaron.
Nothing there.
I know.
What about just the Jeffries?
That's...
Sorry.
Can we...
I'm going to strike five and a half.
And he's opening a safe side.
That was me.
Well, I should have done it like this.
That was me turning off the shut off album of Marie Gossol.
She would ding you.
What?
I said shutting off the valve of you.
Maybe just as rude if not rude or by the way.
But not by him.
It would be funny if your...
Travis.
Fan was Kate.
Base.
So...
Was...you're just your full name.
A bit of the Swifties.
The Jeffrey James is...
Jeffrey.
Who's my Travis?
Is it Kate Beckon-Sale or...
No.
Maybe you want to make it.
What would you define as the Travis?
Like the guy that was like thirsty on Maine.
I think it's the woman who came into my world,
not only rocked it, but added security.
Right?
It's like...
No more Joe Allen types.
No more...
No more of me, Lolly Gagging,
by dating someone like the 1975.
And I don't mean the lead singer.
I mean the entire band.
Okay.
Bitch.
I'm kind of hoping for you.
It's my only Cyrus.
Do you think she's milling about her?
In terms of waiting and...
For you.
For me?
She's just being mildly.
Yeah.
Lusely exactly Cyrus.
I don't think I would get along with mildly at all.
Really?
You don't really know her?
I don't know her personally, but I know her brand.
And if my brand is anything like my actual personal life,
she's very different.
Yeah.
I got an ultimately...
None of us really know anything about you.
Or mildly.
As a person.
What do you think you know more?
Miling Cyrus for me?
Probably mildly.
I'm near.
He's not here.
I don't really know you at all.
And I've known mildly as a celebrity for like my whole life.
So...
Wow.
Yeah.
Since May of 2001.
Were you a Hannah Montana fan?
Love.
Hannah Montana.
Still watch it even.
Wow, really.
Yeah.
Like with my friends.
It's like a good pre-going-out show.
I'm going out.
And then I also want it, though.
Never been to the box.
Don't even know if...
I don't know what that is.
But...
Okay.
Carmella.
Just like a round town.
Carmella?
I know.
I don't know.
Fucking...
The Johnson's.
I don't...
Are you naming real places?
The Johnson.
These are all places in...
Laced.
Oh.
I only just fully.
Recently.
All of the Johnson's.
And there's the Johnson's.
And I like the Johnson's better.
Are you kidding?
No.
There's two places.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
It sucks.
Doesn't suck as much as the box.
I'd love to see Sage at Dumbo House.
Just railing lines of coke in the bathroom.
Walking out and then doing work.
Editing a social clip for fucking...
Factually.
What...
When do you think they're going to offer your full-time position?
Sage?
Um...
I don't...
Who can say?
You can ask that, obviously.
Really?
But what?
I can say...
How much piles have sold for?
No.
You can.
Marika, when do you think they're going to demo you to intern?
Give Sage your to that.
Sage.
I need time.
I think.
I kind of think like Marika runs the whole company.
She does.
It's on the right.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Just...
Did you nail that?
I think it should be an athlete.
So maybe...
Someone on the...
What about like...
Sip smoke and piles?
I don't know what it is with...
I mean, I'm not going to be as defensive with you,
but like...
Because you've been on the show and you...
That's fine.
You're so...
That's like...
One against on you.
Why?
The counters at the bottom of the screen are going crazy.
It's so hard to do.
She pointed like she agreed with me.
I do agree with you.
And I didn't think you were interrupting.
No.
And I don't want your tone of voice to go higher,
because in people think that I'm like...
Simone Biles would...
If you did Simone Biles, all of our lives would get better.
Do you think I would apply to emails?
You would reply to texts.
That spreadsheet that I send you would be all filled out every week.
Yeah.
Because you think that I would...
Like her discipline couldn't help, but it would be yourself onto me.
She would not be up for us.
Yeah. She wouldn't...
She wouldn't put up with anything else.
What I was about to say is that she's so short
that I could carry her around,
but she's stronger than me.
She could carry you around.
Exactly.
Which is kind of all anyone wants, right?
To carry you around.
I don't want to carry you around.
Not me specifically.
Everyone wants to be carried.
I'm very mean.
Fuck you guys, right?
Because I tried to send you a note.
She's never heard of.
What is that?
Oh, I know.
That's my word son.
Yeah.
That's super natural.
All right, here we go.
I'm like, you know, I haven't done this in a while.
I've gotten to the next that is so...
I really need to be quiet.
But they're enjoying it.
So while we're sitting here, could I please?
I'm not enjoying it.
So I'm asking you, can you be quiet?
I'm asking yes or no.
Answer it please.
I'm not going to go to jail.
Can you please answer my question?
Are you willing and able to be quiet right now?
I'm doing what the Lord is saying.
I'm asking you a question.
Yes or no?
I'm your flight leader.
I need you to follow my instruction.
Okay.
My instruction treat.
I answer my question.
Are you able to be quiet?
What are you guys saying?
I'm asking you, man.
No.
This is you emailing me.
I'm which one?
You're the flight leader.
Okay.
You're like, can you record on Tuesday?
Yes or no?
And I'm like, I'm doing what the Lord is telling me to do.
You're like, right.
Can you do what the Lord is telling you to do on Tuesday?
And then like, what do you guys think?
And I turn around to nobody.
No, it's like a community of zero.
Yeah.
As I was saying, I think it's more that yours, yours,
you're the woman and we're saying, can you be quiet?
Yeah.
And I'm looking out to the audience.
Any audience isn't even vouching for me because the ask is,
do you guys want me to be quiet?
And all the comments are like, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yeah.
I can't tell if people really actually just like playfully love the show and they like to play along or if that be truly what we do.
Oh.
I think they do genuinely like the show.
They're definitely some people we do.
No.
There are some people who hate the show with a passion.
What's they say?
What is it?
Yeah.
listen to it and never liked it.
There's some people that say that they hate it
by ultimately listen every week.
We don't care as long as you want the numbers.
Yeah, the impression.
Maybe it should be more controversial.
No, no, I think you're controversial enough.
How's so?
Name one controversial thing I've said on this episode.
U.S. sage should do an Indian accent.
That's what we're talking about.
That was the name.
That was sage almost.
No, no.
That's what we're talking about.
So, well, I guess my question is like,
what are your guys' notes for this woman?
What should you have done or which of the flight we'd have done
differently?
What were you have done if you were any of those she used
in the service?
I think she said, are you going to submit a jail?
So, would she have stopped if he said, yes?
Because I think you're going to, if she's going to do it,
she needs to commit so hard that she would go to jail for it.
Yeah, that is a good point.
That's a good point.
I will say that that's a, you know,
it's almost an intrusive hypothetical
because it all starts with what if.
Yeah, and he didn't answer.
Right.
That's the go based on what she did
and what you would have done if you were her.
If I was really committed to singing,
I think I would keep singing.
This is interesting because now I feel like sage
is questioning gospel singer Bobby Storm's
dedication to the crowd.
I love the idea that sage specifically,
given what I know of her personality,
would go to jail.
Would be singing.
I mean, I would never sing on a plane.
I never even opened my mouth to speak.
That's all I can do.
If I hear something next, that row,
are you really enabled to help and get some emergency?
You're just like, silent, doesn't want to happen.
If I was this woman and I really wanted to sing,
and the Lord was telling me to,
I think I would risk it all.
Yeah, because like, who do you,
I guess if you're her, who do you care about more
of the Lord or this flight leader?
I'd turn, but I've never heard about it, right?
Right.
I ultimately, I often feel like people who have
us strongly from God have it easier
because they have like kind of a rule book to follow.
But in this case, her belief in God
is making it a lot harder for her to live on this plane.
I would say that the checklist you made for me
to make sure that I record everything
was sort of its own gospel.
And it's a little star striking slash also divine to be
here with the creator of my word of God.
I thought your gospel was be joy.
Get wise, embellish faith.
And whatever the last one we came up with was,
what's not going to happen?
It's just a new testament.
It's exactly right.
It's a both report and the one I'm not going to have
is someone like, especially like,
Marie, good and I say, putting me in a rock.
Right.
The show isn't just about be joy.
It's not just about getting wise.
It's not just about embellishing faith.
It's not just about conquering fear.
It can expand from there, can contract from there.
Today, it's all about this.
I, here's what I will say.
It doesn't mean a fire across.
Oh, I often feel like being on the show is like,
you're just like forming different alliances based on
who else is in the room.
Sure.
But it's really hard for me.
Like, I don't see Sage and Marie.
Go right now.
You made their screen so small.
Yeah.
And so I can feel my like, I can feel my alliance.
Like going down the chair of this window.
Any word to out.
She's going Joe.
Oh, those are your followers.
Look at the Joe's, the Joe's mouth.
If you're going to be to follow my instructions,
you will not be taking this flight up there.
Are you able to get one?
Like the chair says, oh, yeah.
Oh, okay.
I didn't realize.
Didn't realize what's going on there.
Yeah.
If that's the case, if that's the case, this brave.
If you're the person in charge of it all, then it's all over.
All right.
Thank you.
This is the moment of pure embarrassment.
What was that?
What did you say?
Just like the Lord is telling me to tell you to stop.
Yeah.
Oh, what did she say?
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Some of the songs we can't forgive.
And you've been down.
Nobody wants it.
I don't know what to do.
No one else has ever had an issue, but it's no one else has ever had an issue.
She's about to sing.
Are we all ready?
Yeah.
So yeah.
I'm going to say this beautiful.
No, she's incredible.
Yeah.
It's great.
Oh, so I just want to say the point out that the angle, that this is filmed at, there was
a moment where the entire angle shifted and it looked like.
Well, it's going down.
I don't know why anybody has a problem with this.
The plane is already going down and I was going to sing itself to sleep.
Oh, she should reach out to God right in that moment.
Yeah.
That's true.
Jesus.
I took the rain.
I did.
Immediately.
Switch sides.
I was on her side after she acted so shocked that it wasn't okay that she was singing.
She was like, oh, you want me to stop?
Oh, well, that's like, you're, oh, okay, then I guess I will and then she doesn't.
And I'm on her team and I think she's right.
I would be so pissed.
I hate people on flights.
I'm a missing throw up on flights, sage style.
And I'm like, here's the thing what Delta started doing.
I don't know if you guys have been on a flight recently.
Would just say the day on Delta.
They've been playing song.
Yeah, they do play song.
Yeah.
It's a full ball.
Like five, 45.
Yeah.
Like before the plane started.
It's insane.
Oh, my.
Who wanted that?
I have no idea, but I am like, shut the fuck up.
Yeah, it's crazy like 20, 23 elevator music.
Yeah.
So in that situation, I would prefer that Bobby storm is on my flight singing to me instead.
That's true.
The first version of it.
Virgin was doing just like songs, just normal radio songs at full volume.
And that was a lot too.
I'm staying in a virgin hotel next week.
What do you guys think about that?
Where are you going?
Yeah.
I'm going to Las Vegas with my whole family for Thanksgiving.
That's fine.
And I'm meeting Erica there and she's going to take my family clubbing.
That's crazy.
You played that right over at the important moment.
I didn't want to see it auto played because I actually am.
Yeah.
She's taking me clubbing.
She's getting a table and bottle service.
The only thing I know about Erica is that she loves Vegas and she loves the clubs and
Vegas.
And I get to experience that with her.
We should have her on to talk about it after.
Thank you.
That would be a great episode.
I don't think if Erica ever invited me to go clubbing with her in Vegas.
I think we both would have an awful time.
I think I would ruin her night.
I don't like clubbing.
Oh.
And I would be a web link.
I'd be like, why can't we just go back to buffet?
Because there was a Boston cream thing that I wasn't ready for because I ate too much
of the salty shit.
And then now I want the dessert.
And I just want to go back to say, we want to come.
And I'd be like, what do you say?
Can't you hear it?
Because we're in a club.
And I'd be like, that's why I don't like clubs.
And I'd be like, you meet too because they misheard me because of the music.
Right.
And they thought that you were trying to be fun anywhere.
Yeah.
And then they go dancing away.
And then I'm like, wait.
Where'd you guys go?
Because I barely know her friends.
I met them that day.
Right.
And I already decided that I don't like two of them.
One of them we might be friends.
And then one of them I'm like, this guy's just awesome.
And then by the other weekend, I'm like, actually, he's a little problematic.
Sure.
Sage, can I ask you this?
Yeah.
You've never heard the show before.
I want to listen to the show before.
How many times?
Once or twice or like consistently.
At once.
More than a handful of times.
Okay.
What I was worried about was that it was going to be a half episode that you turned off.
No.
I think it's never bad to like things.
Like things is good.
What about not like things?
That's less good because then you don't get to like something.
I agree.
But I don't like clubbing in Vegas.
I'm not going to apologize for that.
And I hate our culture.
And yeah.
Sage is right.
I'll send you photos from the club.
I know what it is.
I know what it has.
I've been inside of clubs.
And others.
Subsequently.
It gets boring after a while.
And others.
Sage.
You've listened to a handful of episodes.
More than a handful I'd say.
Love that.
But I don't know the exact amount.
Yeah.
Having listened to a more than a handful.
Those are your words not mine.
Yeah.
And having been on one episode.
What's wrong with it?
I don't think there's anything wrong with it.
It's just.
Well, I don't know.
Many people.
I wouldn't say it's like flawless.
But I don't think you should change your direction to fit.
What people want.
Wow.
Brave.
I would disagree.
No, but I think.
Sorry.
I would strike one.
I don't disagree with that.
But I think you should change your.
Be heavier to fit specifically what audience and I want.
Work flows.
Yes flows.
Communication is good.
But you're on the show persona.
It's fine.
It's not too great.
It's in fine.
It's the persona non-governed or as a persona oh,
grab.
and not, I can't.
I'm, run.
I'm.
No I appreciate the honest feedback.
I really did feel true to me.
Slash.
Others.
others. This is so fucked up. I appreciate content-wise that you guys can appreciate content-wise
what I put out. I appreciate the word choice, the diction of direction. It is creative direction,
isn't it? It's not just an outline. It's not just what I bring to the show every week, the energy.
It's like, it's a specific creative direction that's leading us down a path. Is it the right path
who can say, but it is leading us down a path, and that is direction, and that is leadership.
Yeah, are you proud of the work you've done? Great question. Well part of the issue, I have a little bit
of Hamilton and me. Alexander. I will never be satisfied. Okay. I'll be satisfied. Yeah. He doesn't sing that one.
No, the only episode that I've been truly satisfied by was the live show at Grammarcy.
And then also the All-Women episode, and then the All. The one you barely participated in.
The post-notcial episode. That one just came out. They're good ones. Yeah, this is also an All-Women episode.
That's true. Yeah, true. All the audits were good, and I like the writing advice things.
But everything else I have notes, and it's not always on me. It's not...
So we should start retaking some of those. Redoing those episodes. Yeah, they'll have you version.
The Audit Jeffs version is really funny. I think they might have just given us our first series
thing of next year, which is the Audit Jeffs version. It's really good. And it's me auditing your
guys' ass. Yeah. Oh, something to say to Audit us, Audit yourself. Yeah, Audit, you're a performance
of those episodes. But you have to do the Audit. I don't know. Maybe you said you know,
they will offline. Yeah, but it would be good for you to get the rights to those episodes.
Finally. And ultimately, you should check in with both of the rare producers,
me and Ania before you really sign off on any specific thing like that.
Marika stands up for an away that I never couldn't. It's really brave.
To get the rights to the Audit episodes, the writing advice episodes, the post-notcial episode,
all producers episode. I would make still pennies on the dollar because it would just be,
how many episodes have they been? A hundred and eighty? It would be. You've relinquished a lot
of rights every time you use copyrighted music. Yeah, an episode. Which we've so many times
we've asked you not to do. So, is he chuckle? But that's kind of like the vibe of the show. Is it like
your rule breaker? Yeah. But yeah, I'm like Danny. You got to learn. You got to learn when
Danny's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit in there. Yeah, so I'm the bad boy of
headgum. Let's go ahead and say it. And the bad thing. That's like haze. I'm not for sale.
Hey, oh yeah, I was like he does not work. I know that you're talking about now. I was going to say it's
sage, but because of the black coffee in price. We got to wear callbacks. We got to end the episode
there and also Uncle Jeffrey has acupuncture. How do you afford this stuff? Do you have a
niece or nephew? I have acupuncture today too. I don't have acupuncture. I just want to get the
fucker. That was embarrassing for me. That was embarrassing for me because I lied and got caught in the
eye. All the times. Yeah. What do you guys do for your mental health? I'm
proud of that. Yeah, I think it's therapy. I see a psychiatrist. I go on a lot of the
acid. I don't go on enough walks. I do do acupuncture. I do physical therapy.
Marie, can I both have treadmill tests at home though? Yeah. Do you actually? Yeah. I want to get a
treadmill. Every time you send us a frustrating text or email, we have to fire that thing up.
You just got it like it is powered like a lawnmower. You're pouring gasoline in it.
You just come with an oil thing. You have to oil it. I don't mind. I've never done that. I
mean that. You don't mind oil. You're someone come with a oil? I don't really know where to put it.
You'll have to swear. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, you're your boyfriend, you're comfortable.
What are you guys having going on? Let's start with Sage and I swear to God,
Marie, go. Yeah. Strike 11 or whatever. Sage. Thank you. Yeah, I don't have a whole lot going on.
It's a follow me on Instagram. Sage.sg social. Um, and then letterboxed, but I don't know my
act. So go on Marie goes and then like scroll to find me and her following.
You're asking me to do a lot. I don't have to do it. But if they want to, that's how to find me.
And is number one the Scooby-Doo movie live action? Sorry. Then isn't your favorite movie on there?
Well, they've seen that's how long that would see you because we do this. We'll be doing number one.
First one, not the second one. Okay. What about a screening of the live action Scooby-Doo
in Portland, Oregon? So it's Damian and Matt. The two lilyards opening the fucking screening.
Right. Right. That'd be amazing. I wouldn't travel the Portland, too, see it. Damian
lilyard is related to the actor. He's not. He also doesn't live in Portland anymore. Marie, go where do you go?
Follow me at Marie L on on all social media and if you go to my letterbox and go into my
followers, you can find Sage's letterbox and follow her too. And mine. And on, yes. I never review, though.
Yeah. So don't plug it. I have good, I have good, like ratings. Okay. I don't write anything.
I don't know if you're in trouble. I don't know if you want her blanket ratings of movies and TV. Yeah.
He's Donny Marasco's got to go up there. What did you do? What are you going to read it? What did you do?
What did you do? What are you going to read Donny Brasco? Was it a fiasco or was it a
desesco? Fiasco? Fiasco. That's not going to happen. Have you not seen the video?
Sofia couple is daughter. I thought that's what we were talking about. What's her name?
I don't know. I just heard her to helicopter. Yeah. She's like, make, make Penel of Adqa with me.
Yeah. She's like, is this an onion? She's holding up a shallot? She's like, I think so, but it doesn't look like one.
She's holding way, but it's like a, like, professor ass looking guy. Yeah. He's like a 45 year old man.
Baby said there's boyfriend, but. Oh, yeah. I've watched that. Yeah. Did you guys see Priscilla?
Not yet. I was going to see it this weekend and then I didn't.
That one's getting five stars for me on letter box. Oh, no. You see it or just like. No, I saw it. Okay.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram. We're skipping over my plugs. Well, what's your plug?
Follow you so that you can, people can find out what you write Donny Brasco out of my pocket.
Because I was going to plug my Venmo again. What is it at kind of skyo on you? Is my first name?
Cash of skyo. Wow. Should I change it? I'm not a cash of skyo. I'm still taking
submissions for my new name because I want to, I want to change my last one. I'm zero stuck.
People call you that on the discord. There's a discord. Right then, and
you
That was a hit dumb original.